## What is a Website?
Chances are pretty good that you may already know what a website is since you decided to get this book. But what is a website? A website is an online document that anyone can make and visit. This book will teach you the fundamentals of web development. You will start with learning how to make a website accessible to all and then you will then finish by deploying our fairly newly created site onto the web where all can access it. Throughout this book, you will learn how HTML has changed over the years, the difference between HTML and CSS, how to make tables and lists, and much, much more. 
Accessing the Web

Before we jump waist deep into coding, we need to take one step back and look at an important topic – just how do people access the web? People that access the web can range anywhere from four-year olds to teenagers, from our parents to the elderly to people with disabilities – mostly everyone accesses the web. We will now take a look at the different devices and technologies that visit webpages on a daily basis.
#### Web Servers
Before you can even think about entering a domain name, you must take one step back and think about how it functions. All domain names must point somewhere – and they do. It’s configured by using a process referred to by as domain name server (or DNS for short). A domain name server is what links up your domain to a server’s internet protocol address. Picture a server’s address, a block of up to 12 numbers with 4 dots, it becomes hard to memorize, therefor you can cover it up with a domain name. A web server is the actual physical machine that hosts a website on the internet. The internet contains of some 1,000,000,000 + servers, which are all connected by billions of miles of cables, that’s a lot!
#### Devices and Browsers
Now that you know how the domain name and web servers work, you can now access a website in your device or browser. As you may know, devices such as the iPhone, iPad, Samsung Galaxy tablets and more are starting to rule the world. This means that any website we make needs to be able to work across all platforms.

Some browsers, if you’re not familiar, are Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera, etc. All of these are good browsers for the most part, each having their in’s and out’s but we won’t get into that detail here. The browser will be one of your many best friends during development, as you will be checking out your code on it so you can see how your site is progressing along with testing.
#### Accessibility
By this day in age, you most likely tried surfing the web on a mobile device such as an iPhone or an Android device – or even the Microsoft Surface. You’ve probably have been on a website in the past that wasn’t mobile responsive, and wasn’t that a pain to use! Throughout this book we will cover various ways to make your site work good on all devices, and this can ensure that your site will work in the foreseeable future.

Accessibility isn’t only for our devices connecting to the internet, but also for people that may have physical disabilities. Some people with physical disabilities could not be able to use their limbs, or they may be color blind, or... the list goes on. There are multiple ways to make your website accessible and user friendly to these types of people, and it really doesn’t take too much more work. It is important to note that people that may be blind trying to use the web will most likely use a screen reader, which are programs that can ‘read’ the website to them. Throughout this book, we will cover multiple ways to make your website friendly for all, and trust me, it isn’t as hard as you may think it is.