##Scripting
So we now know the basics of HTML and CSS, but these will only create basic results. It’s time to learn how to make project become dynamic and extraordinary! In this chapter, we will learn the differences between client-side and server-side scripting, learn Javascript, and also take a brief look at jQuery, a Javascript library. Each client-side and server-side scripting has its own use case, and it is strongly dependent upon which use you need. If you want to make something interactive, you should go with client-side scripting, but if you need to access results and display them on a webpage, you should use server-side scripting.

####Client-side Scripting
Client-side scripting is just what the name implies, scripting on the client side. This type of scripting will occur right on the web page, and you can include it right into your HTML file, and you can run it right from your local machine. You don’t have own, have access to, or install a webserver, instead it’s just like you testing your HTML and CSS, and you can open it right in the browser. This is real good news for beginners as you will not have to worry about trying to install an impossible serer on your computer! Client-side scripting doesn’t have a way to directly store data in a database or fetch data, but you can achieve a way of doing this by writing an API (we will not be covering this in this book).

####Server-side Scripting
Unlike client-side scripting, server-side scripting is code that is executed and ran on the server and not on the client. By using server-side scripting, you can open may more doors, and do things you couldn’t do with client-side scripting such as accessing a database, making purchases, the list goes on and this is all done securely. Server-side scripting does a lot of the process a website may need to do in order to display content such as calculating certain things and retrieving results from a database. For code that is stored on a server, it cannot be accessed by the visitor at all, it’s completely locked down and cannot be edited by the user, unlike Javascript.

